[Music]
welcome to another episode of a 7 minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose of b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement 7 minutes at a time through
speaking and consulting I was fortunate
to make friends around the world and I
keep in touch with them through texting
but I use different messaging apps
depending on where they are and what
messaging apps they use for friends in
the u.s. I use phone texting app on my
iPhone quick and easy straightforward to
communicate with friends in China I use
WeChat since majority of Chinese are
WeChat anyway for talking to friends in
South America and Europe I use whatsapp
that should not be a surprise for any
one of you out there interesting enough
for friends in Taiwan Hong Kong Japan
and some part of Southeast Asia
I used line which is the largest
messaging app in Japan so guess what I
used to connect with customers and
friends when I was in Taiwan in December
line while I was there my friend took me
to the Times Square of Taipei Taipei 101
here's a trivia fact Taipei 101 was the
tallest building in the world from 2004
to 2010 the building like its name is
101 stories high which is mighty and
amazing similar to the World Trade
Center in New York City
most of the floors are offices but
select floors are for shopping expensive
restaurants and high-end parts Taipei
101 it's a fun crowded touristy and full
of a holiday Cheers
I love it so why does the messaging app
have anything to do with Taipei 101 my
friend made an effort to show me the
line friends store it's a physical
retail store he told me that line was so
popular in Taiwan that he opened his
store to sell products of their popular
emoji and sticker characters such as
brown
Conny moon and more you can see these
characters as stuff animals in toys
clothes water bottles stationaries and
different kinds of trinkets it's amazing
oh if you are not familiar with lying
emojis and stickers let me show you or
talk to you about this Brown is the bear
and Connie is the rabbit apparently they
are in a relationship Connie is super
expressive while her boyfriend Brown
never changes his face but both of them
are super cute James is a long-haired
ooh who works at his father's company
you know it's kind of strange but they
all have their own stories each of a
character can be found in lies exclusive
games and they are also emojis and
stickers that you can use to reply to
your friends messages so now back to the
store the store was surprisingly crowded
and busy because December and the
busiest shopping season of the year and
by listening to some conversations in
the store I could tell that many of the
customers were tourists and they were
buying the products for their families
and relatives as holiday gifts what a
clever idea of transforming and apps
emoji and stickers to real products as a
way to continue building brain affinity
with an app that you use every day
although opening a retail store is a
business decision this is also a
creative way to build what a mouth with
user-generated content that people can
share when they purchase their favorite
emojis and sticker characters at the
store it's free and earn social media
impressions that line doesn't need to
spend a penny on they reuse emoji and
sticker characters for branded
merchandise and their mobile games to
create more business opportunities that
kind of reminds me of reusing and
repackaging content in content marketing
so as of q4 2016 lion has more than 220
million active monthly users using a
physical store to sell branded product
is not only an interesting decision but
also a marketing opportunity for users
to build brain affinity with an
pretty cool so that is my seven minute
marketing highlights on type a if you
are every type you want to wine you
should check out the store again if you
have any marketing questions you know
where to reach me keep hustling my
friends you've got this
[Music]